so I was born in Moscow during the Cold
War
my dad is American my mother's Russian
basically my parents couldn't be
together so my mother was in Russia
pretty with me
my dad is in Sweden campaigning to get
us out we ended up getting on a nuclear
disarmament agreement between Gorbachev
and Reagan and we were one of the first
families to be reunited during the Cold
War so like some of the beginning my
life is very political and having a
purpose behind everything and what
drives me
[Music]
dances always been one of those things
where you feel the most alive and really
who I am and free but I always separated
my identities like I thought to make a
change in the world I would have to do
something like this in UN or an NGO or
become president and then as a dancer
that was something less important so I
kind of put my dance life on hold and
started working for the UN was still
like battling and the underground
parties and then I was also like going
to you and during the day I had this
like really polarized life and I think
the biggest yes and one of the most
transformational points of my life is
moving to Kenya is the first time in my
life that I wasn't strategically
planning what that next thing would be
was just like I am drawn to Africa I
want to go learn about a place and be a
complete idiot like I just want to go
and absorb all this knowledge did human
rights work as well as dance my ass off
for CrossFit continent and people loved
it like whenever I danced people are
just like oh this Mizzou girl like oh
you have lose and then I was invited to
be in a music video in that music video
became the number one song in East
Africa
[Music]
that song became her numbers on these
Africa and then a month from there I was
asked to be a judge on So You Think You
Can Dance Kenya I started to see that my
work was politics in the UN as well as
my work with dance to come together the
narratives I saw in the media were so
much about violence war famine but being
there just didn't see that we saw life
he saw dignity entrepreneurship
creativity and so much collaboration and
I felt like no one was creating content
that was telling any of those stories so
I decided that I wanted to be the
Anthony Bourdain of dance and I combined
dance and politics I was trying so hard
to do both keep my job to un and make
this show happen but it really takes it
takes letting go of the things where you
need to move on and taking that big step
towards yes what your intuition is
saying is so terrifying but never regret
it it's really a leap actually it's not
a step it's not like a cute step if your
job is getting in the way of you doing
that big thing that you boys named Doug
then it for sure is worth it so a year
ago I quit my job and that was a huge
moment cuz I had no idea what I was
gonna do next I didn't know how I was
gonna make money I came out to LA and
started pitching my show and within four
months I was meeting Usher top
production companies and getting
multiple offers to do my show none of
that
energetically was possible before I quit
my job so I'm wanting of the show called
we speak damp on Netflix on New Year's
Day and it is this dance documentary
series looking at dance cultures around
the world and I interview the most
badass dancers and get to know about
their history their culture the politics
of their cities do their dance
rebuilding Kenya Nigeria Ghana Costa
Rica Cuba Dominican Republic Spain and
Lebanon
yeah in Nigeria of all the filming
dancing in the most crowded market in
the world and just people laughing
making them laugh first of all and then
just enjoying is the best feeling you
reminded how human you are when we all
make ourselves vulnerable and dance and
do something silly or unpredictable you
end up bringing everyone together if you
have a talent let it shine if you want
to be a tap dancer and a politician go
for if you want to be a CEO and a basket
weaver go for it embrace all the
different pieces of who you are you
don't need to hide the things that we
are most passionate about from ourselves
my friend and I think once we start
putting together all those pieces with
who we are and owning it that's when we
can have the most impact that's when you
become the most inspirational that's
when we can't wait to get a bed I always
was like hiding my dance world from my
UN world and when I started putting
those two together I really discovered
what my true purpose was here very low
angle haha my toes are so cold